Updated device gw guide to recent blog post (#1292)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: docs/guides/device-gateway/agent.mdx

instructions in our [terminate-tls](/traffic-policy/actions/terminate-tls/#generate-certificates) docs.

```yaml
on_tcp_connect:
  - actions:
      - type: terminate-tls
          config:
            mutual_tls_certificate_authorities:
              - |-
                 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
                 ... certificate ...
                 -----END CERTIFICATE-----
on_http_request:
  - actions:
      - type: oauth
        config:
          provider: google
      - type: forward-internal
           config:
             url: https://telemetry.api.internal:443
```

Now, only Google authenticated users can access the web dashboard and the connection is secured with mTLS.

## Welcome to your secure, connected, and automated factory

You officially made it! You have now integrated a system that allows you to seamlessly and securely access any
and all remote services within your enterprise. Let's recap what what you've built:

1. One ngrok agent per factory and no need for multiple installs.
2. Always-online API and dashboard, securely available via cloud endpoints.

> 3. A web dashboard that spins up on-demand with authentication via Azure AD and mTLS security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. A web dashboard that spins up on-demand with authentication via Google OAuth and mTLS security.
```
